"Fuego Del Culo" Girl. if it itches. it's class.
Hey girl. want some brown liquor?
Brown liquor don't make this pussy bad.
Tequila it is.
Need that?
No.
Viva la revolution!
That's that shit right there. make your pussy pop with it.
Yes. ma'am.
So what are you doing here anyway?
What do you think I'm doing here?
I'm starting an opening season.
Been there. done that.
Pick up the phone!
Richie?
Tiana. hey.
I thought it'd be easier for the audience if we didn't have to make more texts.
Yeah. that makes sense.
Because you know these motherfuckers can't read.
I know.
Who goes to see your ways. brothers-in-law?
Well. it's nice to phone meet you in this super awkward way.
Likewise. but I gotta be honest.
When I seen your profile. I made a bitch almost white laugh because you look mad goofy.
But surprisingly. you know. goofy niggas got big dicks.
So. here we are.
I take you for a Jersey girl.
A Jersey girl?
Listen. I love Jersey. yeah.
But I'm a Harlem girl.
Born and motherfucking raised.
Real niggas own.
Yeah.
Oh. so you're black.
No. motherfucker.
I'm black.
All cats.
No cats.
But cats.
Fuck all y'all.
Bitch. spit them pearls back out.
Like. what's your shit?
Hello?
So. tell me.
What's your favorite scary movie?
I don't really do them.
You know. all the super tropes and shit.
Why is it always the white bitch at the end?
Because they know it's too hard to kill a sister.
You know what I'm saying?
Because if the sister can survive government cheese. we can survive anything.
You know. it might help if you met me outside.
Met you outside?
Boy. you're just neat neat.
What's your sign?
Must be a Scorpio.
How'd you know?
Good dick. though.
But toxic as hell.
Hey. is the restaurant here at Allen?
Yes. sir.
You put it above your ass.
We're all there?
Nah. not today.
Shoot. bitch.
Heard you all.
Okay.
I'm coming down to Allen now.
I'm here.
Can you see me?
I'm waving.
No.
The person I'm looking at's not waving.
In fact. they're just staring at me.
Well. stare at his ass back.
And don't blink.
Never blink.
You got to scratch the lips if you're gonna blink.
Oh. they're walking towards me now.
Oh my. oh no. they haven't even died.
Why don't I meet his ass over here?
I thought that's not the worst part.
The worst part is. you know so much about horror movies. and yet you still walk into the alley alone.
Yeah. but the worst part is. you fucking with a New York bitch.
Cuckoo!
Yeah!
Damn. he's on some Avenger shit.
Cuckoo!
Seriously. Larry?
I didn't recognize you. Bert.
I thought you was my warlock.
That's a pigeon. nigger.
It's supposed to be. cuckoo!
Cuckoo!
A hawk supernatural attack.
My bad.
Are you done?
What the hell?
Bitch. I'm Teyana Taylor.
My abs got ass.
Get him!
Help!
Come on guys. we can work this out!
Somebody help me!
No. no. no!
Now. get your rotten ass up!
Motherfucker!
Hey Tiana. you might have kicked my ass. but you still didn't win that Oscar.
What did you say about my Oscar?
Did I stutter?
You lost.
You're right. but I won that Golden Globe. bitch.
Oh my god. really?
So that's why I never watched horror movies.
It's fucking terrible.
Just a bunch of celebrity cameos and fart gags.
So. you don't like parodies?
I'm more into Judd Apatow films.
You know. elevated comedy.
And what is elevated comedy?
The kind that doesn't actually make anyone laugh but makes white people feel smart.
Tuesday?
Don't answer that.
Could be Ghostface.
Oh. come on. Elle.
Stuff like that only happens in the movies.
Oh. hey.
I wasn't expecting you to answer the door.
What the fuck?
Now. here's my life.
Oh. here it is.
Hello. Tuesday.
Hey. miss.
What'd you take?
Just Ritalin for my ADHD.
Adderall for PTSD.
Couple of Banix for my anxiety.
Batch of voter pills.
Book of luck getting an SL.
Jesus. Sarah!
How many did you take?
I don't know.
How many come in a bottle?
Hey. Jeff.
Sarah. Tuesday's in the hospital.
She was stabbed by a killer.
You know. Ghostface.
Wait. from Rutan?
Why would Ghostface kill her. a.k.a. Pretty Tony. a.k.a. Starkey Love. and stab my sister?
God. Sarah. it wasn't Ghostface kill her.
It was somebody in a Ghostface mask.
Oh.
Okay. that makes more sense.
Ah!
I ain't the one!
Jesus. Jack!
What?
I was thinking about wearing this for Halloween.
My estranged. flat-chested half-sister was nearly killed by a psycho in a ghost mask.
Now that I see her. I can't make up for the past.
Well. hey. hey. hey.
I'm going with you.
Not because I'm the obvious killer trying to lure you back here from town.
I'm just a supportive boyfriend.
What?
That's all.
Okay. let's go.
Get in the car.
Listen. we just have to make one stop on the way.
I survived.
Oh. thanks to my lucky penny.
Bye-bye.
I hate when y'all leave!
Kill him. young!
My. my!
Come on. turn off this ratchet-ass music.
It's embarrassing. especially for black women.
It's not embarrassing.
I'm the cool mom everybody wished they had.
I'm lit!
Don't forget. I got practice later. so I'll be home late.
You only made the team because you're black. and those racist fucks assumed you could play.
It's 2026.
I don't think race is an issue.
Do you read black Twitter?
No.
Oh. great.
Are you still dating that hoe?
Okay. stop hoe-shaming her.
Just because Daryl and them ride a train on her doesn't make her a hoe.
She's not a hoe.
She's sex positive.
Well. I'm positive she's a hoe.
Hey. Daryl!
Look at you!
Early for Halloween. huh?
What you gonna see. a slutty schoolgirl?
Howdy. hoe!
Hi. Miss Mint.
Love the hair.
Very Octavia Spencer.
Well. thank you very much.
I gotta invite you over and make you a little shit pie.
Ooh. you know what?
I gotta get to African American history class.
We're learning about slavery.
I'm trying to find out.
It was a choice.
You see that right there?
That's Kanye.
That's right.
They've been teaching us wrong all this time.
Stay black.
Bye. ma.
Bye. baby.
I'm speaking fast.
Then I put some kindness in your bag.
You know how they try to trap you.
Okay. seriously?
Sheriff Grant. you don't have to walk me to class.
I'm fine.
Jess. there's a serial killer on the loose.
I'm not gonna let anything happen to my baby girl.
Boy. okay?
I'm a baby boy.
I'm sorry.
I'm still having a hard time with this transition.
It's really simple.
Treat me like one of the guys.
Okay?
I can do that.
Slap fight.
You call that a slap?
Who the hell did you do that for?
I'm such a bitch.
Bitch.
Not bad.
Who lives like this?
Oh. good to see you.
Come in.
Do you want some tea?
Oh. my God. Mother.
You look like shit.
Hey. please.
This is clearly a woman who's run out of conditioner.
Oh. be careful where you walk.
The whole place is booby-trapped.
You never know when that psycho's gonna come back.
Come in.
Okay.
I'm sorry.
I hate this job.
Mr. Campbell.
I'm Jack. Sarah's boyfriend.
I've heard so much about you.
Not a thing good.
I've heard nothing about you. Jack.
I assume you're a piece of shit.
But how would I know when I haven't heard from my daughter in. what. six months?
Six years. Mother.
And whose fault is that?
Whose fault is that?
I don't know.
Maybe it's yours.
That's fair.
We want to learn from the horror you survived.
Look. Scary Movie 3 and 4 paid me a lot of money for a girl.
There is nothing to learn there.
But if you want to talk about the house. buddy. she...
It's happening again.
Some asshole in a mask.
We have to stop him.
You're not ready. Lovebug.
I have been preparing for this for years.
Sacrificed everything.
You are a terrible mother.
Come on. honey.
We had some good times.
Like that Christmas I took you to meet Santa at the mall.
Your turn. Sarah.
Move.
Hi. Santa.
Sorry if I don't sit in your lap.
You creep me out.
Mom!
Santa does this every year.
Be sure to thank him.
That was fun.
Now. back to us.
What the fuck?
I am sorry if that's how you found out Santa doesn't exist.
Mother. I need your help.
To heal our emotional wounds and put the past behind us?
God. no.
No. to kill Ghostface.
Do you have any guns?
I am Cindy fucking Campbell.
I've got millions of guns.
But none of them are registered due to my mental health issues.
So if you could just keep that on the low.
Okay.
Yeah. I'm gonna be fine.
I didn't hurt myself on any of these fights.
Oh. hey.
So I spoke to Sarah earlier.
Oh. is she coming?
You know I did hear a buzzing sound.
So it's possible.
No. I meant to Woodsville.
Dumbass.
Oh. I forgot that.
Hey. Jimbo!
Go deep!
Oh!
Sweet!
Speaking of going deep...
I don't know if it's a good time.
Everyone knows what happens to teenagers who try to make love when there's a killer on the loose.
Brad's right about one thing. guys.
Ghostface is back.
We need to arm up.
Pepper spray. check.
Taser. check.
Butt plug?
Double check.
Goddamn!
You just carry that thing around?
It's easy to hide.
In your butt?
I'm impressed.
What's up. y'all?
I'm back!
Man. what's up. huh?
Huh?
I'm tired of you little Gen Z alpha niggas using terms like uncle and auntie.
Gaslighting and glazing and glamping.
Trying to make my generation sound old.
I ain't your damn uncle. nigga!
Shorty. you're a mother's brother.
So yeah. technically you are our alpha.
Oh.
My bad.
It's crazy that they let you teach here.
Teach?
Nah. nigga.
I attend.
You look like a proud 25th year senior.
When are you finally gonna graduate?
By the time we do a sequel and I gotta follow you little young niggas to college to get my check.
Wait. guys. Tuesday's a wait.
All right. Tuesday!
Who the fuck is Tuesday?
Hey. we gotta go to the hospital.
You gonna take the bus home?
Nah. the PJ.
Private Jet?
Yeah. jealous.
Man. you smoke weed all day.
Just play video games. live stream.
You literally got money doing nothing.
Exactly.
I leave the hard work for the old head.
Ah. shit!
Still the same shorty.
Check my crypto.
Oh. shit. I'm up 3 million dollars!
Damn. now I'm down 5 million.
This shit go crazy. son.
What they doing?
Ray!
Sister Brenda. it's okay.
You heard the call of sin yesterday.
But the Lord has called on us to show men such like you the way.
Come on. son.
Come with us.
Come on us.
God see you're coming.
So don't cheat that girl.
We need you to come like you never came before.
Come for the father. come for the son.
I'm gonna hold your hand and we gonna come together.
Amen.
In the name of God. let it go. Ray.
Let it go!
Oh. my bad.
Last time.
Let's welcome a new member to our congregation.
Even if he's sexy as hell with a big old chest as his and perky areolas.
I no longer carry a purse. put on makeup. walk around in high heels.
Red bottoms.
What with the cute little buckle on the side.
I no longer go on blind dates and swipe right at black men.
White men.
Asian men.
I no longer take trips to the Philippines looking for ladyboys.
To Phuket. Ko Samui.
Back to Phuket.
Then to Vietnam to see if I can get them any cheaper.
I thought that was my anniversary. Ray.
Oh. this naked got a lot in my house.
I no longer stand butt naked in the mirror with my penis tucked between my legs.
Dancing like a dude from Silence of the Lambs.
It puts colostrum in the basket. Precious.
I'm a changed man.
I've been delivered.
I will.
I said I will.
I will love a woman.
- Women. Women !!!
- Women with penis.
- Menses Menses.
No. no.
Whoa. nigga.
Hock to. hock to. hock to.
Damn. Hock. you doing it?
I've been delivered.
Jesus Christ.
Oh. my God.
Oh. her face.
Oh. my God. in the morning.
I'm trying to get that hook for an hour.
I am. too.
Hey. what if they're giving you the pain?
Is that more pain. or...
Bitch.
Yeah.
Oh. yeah.
Oh. this stuff good. good.
This stuff Britney Spears should.
Makes me want to get a house naked. dance around. and juggle some knives.
Who's that Jeffrey Dahmer look-a-like?
This is my boyfriend. Jack.
Really nice to meet you.
Looks like Ted Bundy to me.
But that ain't none of my business.
This old stabbed-up bitch here needs some rest.
So y'all. get the fuck out!
Yes. ma'am.
Oh. not you. Sarah.
Why?
What did I do?
I'm so scared.
Oh. Toose. you should be.
You've been stabbed nine times.
And the killer knows where you live.
I would invite you to come stay at my place. but...
I don't really want that kind of teacher in my house.
For all we know. he's standing right outside that door.
It's comforting. Sarah.
I thought I was gonna die.
I know. me too.
I planned your funeral.
What the hell?
And I wrote your obituary.
More like tattooed T wrote it.
But you're still here.
And I will never let anyone hurt you.
Oh. dumb!
I should've...
Get off me!
Help!
This white girl here got on my shit!
I'm a D.E.I. Oh my God. oh my God. she's fired!
Let me go!
No. no. I'm good. I'm good.
Clear!
Again!
Come on. white bitch. I need this job!
It's not working!
Oh. we're losing her!
Oh boy.
Look like there ain't nothing left but forks. cribs. and pork rinds.
Dear Lord.
Ms. Director!
Check out the wire!
The wire was the shit. baby.
That's my show. Drugs. and that Idris Elba make this coochie wanna pop. pop. pop!
Dear Lord. please accept this white bitch and...
Oh!
The love works in mysterious ways.
I'm going over it.
I choose.
I will never let anyone hurt you...
Again.
Oh. my bad!
Hello?
Hello. Sarah.
Who is this?
Someone who knows your little secret.
No. no. no. I swear that wasn't a Nazi salute. okay?
I won Prime Queen. and I was throwing my heart to the crowd!
No. I'm talking about your family secret.
Oh. you're the fuck who hurt my sister!
Well. I had to get you to come back here.
Listen. if you wanna fuck with me. asshole. then come and get me!
With pleasure.
Somebody help!
Please. somebody help!
Bitch!
This the break room.
We all break.
Oh. God.
Take that!
Please. beat me!
I've been saving people all day!
So you handle yours. I'll be right over here eating my falafel and my pork rinds.
I look like your mama?
Time now breaks over.
You're welcome.
It really looks like you got hit with something hard.
Like metal.
I told you. I fell.
Now where exactly are we going?
To talk to an expert.
Go away!
I'm so sorry to bother you. we just wanna ask you a few questions.
Give me one good reason why I should talk to you.
I'm white.
How white?
Oh. I'm talking Candace Owens white.
Hello.
Take a seat.
When you said expert. I assumed you meant more like Mildred Grass Tyson.
Fuck.
I'm Sarah Campbell.
I was attacked last night.
I think you should leave.
I don't wanna get stabbed. and I don't like COVID. okay?
Please. come on.
Just two minutes.
That's all I'm asking.
No. no.
I'll give you eight minutes.
And another thing.
Oh. I gotta tell you to go.
Now you guys go.
When did the work week become the woke week?
We've got Black Friday.
What's next?
Mulatto Monday?
I mean Yellow Thursday?
Yeah.
Come on.
Let me get this out of the way.
Oh.
Oh. this is bad.
Yep.
You're good.
You're Cindy's daughter. right?
Yeah.
I don't know him.
Oh. this is Jack.
My love interest.
No. no. no. no.
Rule number one of surviving a horror movie is never trust the love interest.
Look at him.
He's got that weird. lazy eye poking one way. but he's drooling like a psychopath.
He's got that stumped leg.
Makes the wall walk weird and creepy.
I don't have a stump.
Well. that guy does.
Oh.
You're looking at me.
That's your instruction. Doofy.
Retired.
Listen. Doofy. we could really use your help.
No.
I can't go back to that life.
Plus. we're in the middle of a global pandemic.
Okay. I hate to break it to you. but COVID has been over for. like. years.
Really?
Yeah.
Damn it!
What am I going to do about it?
Can't be.
Get out.
I don't want to go see society.
And don't come back.
Take a look. Doofy.
It's what he did.
Okay. just because he showered doesn't mean that...
Yeah. I didn't shower.
I just take water from my mouth.
You want some?
No. that's okay.
Come on. Doofy.
Yeah.
Do it.
Sarah. is your give-a-wax mom coming?
Or can we start talking about this?
Uh...
Hi.
You came.
Not in. like. 15 years. honey.
But I did buy this.
You rose. huh?
Fingers crossed.
Oh!
Oh. my old friend!
You taught me how to dance!
How to make a high and work pie!
Nigga. I'm writing back to you.
Sweet!
What's up. Sandy?
How you doing?
Hi. nigga.
Shit!
I can't believe you thought I was dead.
Well. between cancer from the weed. smoke. your love of the McRib. and racist cops. I didn't think you had a chance.
Yeah. that's a terrible comment.
Hi. Sandy.
Stop smiling at me!
Oh. shit!
Wildstar!
Hey. he's intellectually disabled.
That's just how he looks. you drunk honky.
Hey. hey. hey!
Don't call that white bitch a honky.
Come on. have some respect.
I keep seeing people smiling everywhere.
I'm not very likable. so it must be some kind of curse.
Hey. everybody!
Look what I got!
Non-branded gelatine shot made with brain alcohol and GHB. so ain't nobody sipping that. making sense of life.
Wildstar!
I apologize.
Take one.
I love being myself.
No. no more.
Hi. Brenda.
Please do not call me by my government name.
Call me Ma.
Sandy!
You dropped a tray.
Oh my God. Sandy!
I haven't seen you in forever!
Oh my God. and look at you. you look the same!
Minus the crow's feet.
And your hair is so dry.
Oh. and your titties dropped so far.
Other than that. you look the exact same.
What have you been up to?
Oh. you know. neglecting my children so I can barely kill Ghostfish should he ever return.
What about you?
Well. I've been mostly just getting high school kids drunk in a desperate attempt to stay young and keep my kids at home.
I always knew you'd be a great mom.
Oh. Sandy.
Should we hug?
Oh. I really want to. but I'm a Republican now. so I'm supposed to be racist.
Oh. girl. I think all white people are racist anyway.
Come here.
Okay.
Oh.
Do you want to be shot?
Oh. yes. yes.
You know. Ma. this place could be so cool if you had. like. a beer pong table over there. maybe. like. a snack wall.
What do you know about cool?
When I was your age. I was popping bottles with Puffy.
Puff Daddy. P. Diddy. Diddy.
All the Seans.
That didn't end as well.
Your mama was the freak in the freak house.
You want to see something cool?
I'm gonna show you something cool.
God. that's cool.
What are you doing?
What?
No. not like that.
I don't know why you're acting so scared the gun is even not loaded.
Shit ! Man !
I did it again.
That was fun.
You know what?
I used to put cocaine in my hula and travel all the time.
Yeah.
All right. let's get back to the plot.
I'm looking at you. Ted Bundy.
I'm looking like a school shooter.
I think you're the killer.
Oh. me?
Okay. what about Deputy Doofy over there?
I don't have a motive.
Yeah. what's my motive?
You were the killer in the first movie.
Shouldn't you be locked up?
No. I got pardoned.
Mostly because of the storming the Capitol. you know.
Oh.
I got proof.
It's me.
And it's framed.
That's a cool hit.
What about Jess?
What about me?
If anybody here has issues that could lead to murder.
Okay. okay.
Trans shaming is not cool. okay?
Then he's just a dude.
Yeah.
Finest stuff for body strength and the dick part.
Hey. you don't know what I got down here. okay?
I do.
Listen. what we know so far is everyone who's been attacked is related to the original characters.
He wants to kill the kid.
He's making a reboot. a quote.
A what now?
Yeah. it's like a reboot and a sequel.
Mixes legacy characters with new characters in an attempt to feed into bullshit nostalgia.
and bring more fans to the theaters.
Just like last year's I Know What You Did Last Summer.
That's a movie?
What did I do last summer?
I think you're talking about the summer I turned pretty.
Yeah.
Ray. when did you get here?
I walked in here.
I was just hanging out by the men's room.
Oh.
Mom?
Okay. so that means that our killer is writing his own version of horror movie.
Okay. so according to the reboot he called Rooms. who's the killer?
I think it's pretty obvious.
Who?
You. bitch.
Me?
Guys. I am not the killer.
Ghostface attacked Tuesday to lure me back here.
I think he attacked Tuesday to get you back here so he could get me back here.
He wants to kill the OGs.
That was a flex.
Yeah. that sounds weird.
Oh. fuck it!
And fuck you. mother!
Dude. you're the mother?
Hey!
Don't be so disrespectful!
And call me mom!
Or mommy!
Or whatever's more comfortable!
Oh. God.
Talk to me!
Hello. Sheriff.
Agent Underwood?
I'll give you one hint.
What's your favorite scary movie?
Well. I'm gonna go with Saltburn.
I mean. the member on that English guy was terrifying.
And Ken Jeong's junk in The Hangover was a much better depiction of the male anatomy.
Now. what do you want. fuckface?
Well. I'm just calling to tell you that by the time you get home. I'll have gutted your baby girl.
Hey. asshole.
She's a boy!
Looking for this?
Let me help you.
I got your baby dick!
Winky. winky. winky. winky.
All right.
Here we go.
What do you want. fuckface?
Like father. like son.
I understand you're all about that.
Well. dad's out. but the cool guy. the gardener. and the plumber are all here. asshole.
Look out your window.
No. but they're the backbone of the American workforce.
I'm not too white to do those jobs.
Let's cut to the chase.
I'll ask you one question.
If you answer correctly. you live.
Who was the killer in horror movie?
Oh. that was easy.
It was Bobby and then K-Ray. the guy who was totally into dudes. even though he claimed he wasn't.
Classic 2000s homophobia.
But I got you. bitch.
Wrong.
You forgot Special Officer Doofy.
Now. you die.
Oh. fuck that!
You should probably answer that.
I can literally see you trying to steal my package.
Oh. shit.
That was easy.
Uh. someone wore snakes.
Let's go. Puff.
Wait a sec.
Careful.
Nobody's talking about any killer.
You are not allowed to identify as gay.
I look...
You...
...stare like...
...a girl.
Come on. girls.
Our new play shows will have a ghost-faced camera collection bundle.
This is Kiki West for OnlyFans Rapid News.
Rapid News?
You mean Baffet News.
You don't even have a cameraman.
Excuse me.
Oh. my.
You're...
Yes. yes.
Three-time Emmy nominee for Outstanding Achievement in Sensational Reporting.
I was gonna say the lady from Friends. but shorter. because Botox.
Oh. is that what you were gonna say?
You seriously don't know who I am?
Baby girl. I am...
Gayle Swallows.
Gayle Stork.
Gayle. here.
Get the hell out of my way.
Doofus.
Hey. Gayle.
You have an age to death.
You better fucking believe me.
That's just my requirement.
Yeah. your fingers felt like genitals.
What are you doing in that ridiculous uniform?
Oh. I'm back on the case.
Yeah. I'm gonna bust Gayle's face.
Well. um...
Tell me. Special Needs Officer Doofy.
Um...
Are there any suspects in this tragic yet completely predictable incident?
I do not know what to say.
No. no. I don't know.
Yes. you can.
I do not...
Yeah. um...
Tell me what you want.
I don't want to die here.
Waffle.
Hey. remember when you used to give blowjobs to presentative information?
I don't give blowjobs anymore. okay?
Not since Me Too.
Okay. sorry.
I give handjobs now. but the story better be good.
Okay. I'll give you a handjob.
Let's do it.
What the?
I'm gonna get you.
I'll come right back.
Where?
You got my outfit. you little critter.
Ain't it mean to be little?
Fuck yeah. shit.
Hello. Shorty.
You do know that smoking is bad for you.
Actually. weed ain't bad for you.
You got vitamin T. C. and H.
C. B. and D.
What's the matter. Shorty?
You look a little antsy.
Maybe because there's a masked serial killer sipping tea in my den.
Shorty. you're my nigga.
I mean friend.
Please. sing.
All right.
Do you want to quit smoking?
Well. to be honest. I tried to quit. but my mother said I ain't raising no quitters.
So I quit quitting.
We can try it now. sis.
Bro. I don't care how many pocket watches you try and wave in front of my face.
It ain't gonna work. son.
You can't magnetize me.
Sleep.
Shorty.
What's up?
Tell me about your mother.
Damn. nigga.
Let's start with something light. like do you lick ass?
Yes or no?
The answer's yes.
So what happened to her. Shorty?
She's coming home.
Her car was parked to the side of the road.
Someone was in it.
And something bad was happening.
Why did you call anyone?
I had warrants.
You were 11?
I started young. nigga.
What do you see?
I see a big explosion of water.
It looks like a civil rights hoax.
Police said it was a murder-suicide.
She killed that man.
When they opened the car door. his limp body just slid out.
Like the green nigga in shape of water.
I just didn't want it to be real.
What don't you want to be real?
That my mother was a squirter.
Okay. she was a squirter.
All the floors in her bedroom was warped.
I can't move.
You're paralyzed.
Now...
Sink into the chair.
What the- Wait!
Sink!
Idiot !
I went into the wrong hole again!
No! You're in a clay pot hole.
Whoa. shit. girl!
You're about to be sprayed.
That dream was wild.
That must have been Elon Musk.
Oh. shit ! son !
Thursday?
Bobby?
Bobby. what the- She's gonna die.
Our daughter. Sarah?
You're probably right.
She's tough. but let's see her get stabbed in the cut.
I'm gonna die.
Bobby. you're already dead.
This hallucination is a manifestation of my own guilt for being an awful mom.
Or it could be the shrooms I just popped.
You're gonna die!
Bitch. you ain't killing me.
You're gonna die.
Stop smiling!
I can't.
Buttocks.
Hey!
This is the mental ward.
Everyone smiles in here.
Oh. um. could you point me in the direction of the ICU?
Is it that way or that way?
Uh. visiting hours are over.
Oh. yes. of course.
The network wants me to clarify that Black Friday has nothing to do with race.
Well. just tell that to my Black friend. Benita.
who's probably clocking someone over there in the store as we speak.
Right. Benita?
Man. you ain't Micah.
Micah got that Jerry curl.
What is that. son?
Is that Gillette?
See. people think it's Gillette. but it's actually Sharpie.
Boy. your hair look like fondue.
It's dirty.
Micah's got a monkey.
I got a llama.
Fuck. Micah.
You can't dance. boy.
I'll be practicing.
I can moonwalk.
And is this Ninadaba?
Ow.
Jermaine.
Coming Juneteenth.
Only on Tubi.
I'm a bootleg. that shit.
Hello?
Fuck this.
I'm gonna miss you all.
Oh. hell no.
Jack. did Sarah tell you to come?
Oh. yeah.
That's why I'm here.
Not to murder you or anything like that.
Then why are you wearing gloves?
Would you believe I am thinking about dressing up as OJ Simpson for Halloween?
But those fit.
Look out!
Yeah. cool. bro.
You almost did a fade.
I mean. no.
Bitch.
I'm gonna gut you like a pig.
God.
That is so true.
Wait until I stick my knife in them.
I'm crying over here.
I gotta go.
Be brave.
I'm gonna kill me.
Be yourself.
I gotta go.
I'm gonna get my purse.
Oh. oh shit.
You're really gonna kill me.
No one was there. huh?
I'm gonna turn you into bacon.
Excuse me.
I'm a ranger.
Step aside.
Do you feel like doing it?
Move.
Sorry. son of a bitch.
What the?
My psycho mother said always keep a strip.
Go.
You!
Let go of me. you mother...
I'll take you home with me.
Ow!
The pain!
The agony!
Sarah. if I don't make it...
Seriously. can you stop trying to win an Oscar?
It's a horror movie. it'll never happen!
Ask Demi Moore.
No!
What the fuck?
Let me see it all by myself.
Me and you now. ghosty.
Who?
And that's you and me.
You and me.
Die.
I smell my finger.
What the fuck was that?
My ass.
Fuck your ass. horse.
That's my ass.
Any last words?
I go poopy.
Oh. hell no.
I ain't cleaning up that shit.
I'm on break.
Come on.
I ain't killing nothing here.
What'd you say?
Yo. what's up. chat?
It's your boy. Shorty.
That's right.
It's another Halloween-a-thon.
And that's another day of me getting paid mad money for doing absolutely nothing.
Why you stupid motherfucking watchers?
Hey. they call me dumb.
I want to give a smooth shout-out to my sponsor.
Angry Orchard Hard Silo.
They got mad apples. huh?
No!
Please!
We're marketing genius.
It won't be a Halloween-a-thon without an adult guest.
He's a legend in the streaming game.
Give it up for Kyle Smith!
Let's get serious.
What brings you here. chat?
You dropped something on me in the movie.
I've been calling you.
You ghosted me.
Bro. I thought that was one of my crazy-ass baby mamas.
That's my bad.
Speaking of ghosting. somebody will start here.
Hello?
What's your favorite scary movie?
We're breaking in in there. son!
What's up. my guy?
Got some Angry Orchard Hard Silo.
They got mad apples.
Oh!
I'm about to do my favorite thing.
Spin the wheel!
Here we go again!
We gonna go back there with these noodles. and we gonna smack the fuck out you!
Come here. you gotta guess who did it.
That doesn't even make sense.
This is a dumb game.
God damn it!
You just killed Kassanet on the chair.
We're making history. son!
Money. money. money!
I know.
It's about time you guys got here.
Now you're gonna get it.
So that's our suspect.
Goes by the name. Shorthand.
Was the handyman that House reputed to be haunted in 2001.
Is there anything you're not telling me?
That your wife hates you.
You believe that Earth is flat.
And you voted for Trump.
Great times.
No words possible for the woman.
I believe Shorthand is the notorious Ghostface.
What that mouth do?
Just enough.
You did look pretty sketchy.
I got the wrong guy.
And you know that because you're sick?
No.
Says so on the arrest warrant.
I don't know.
That guy's black.
He's kinda...
not that black.
Like Gravy Brown.
Hit him with your strong hand.
Arrest him anyways.
Turn off your body cams!
Welcome back.
Doc. I'm begging you.
You gotta help me look younger.
These little bitches are killing me out there.
They're wearing nothing but a sausage casing and a ring light.
Trust me with this withered. decrepit. age-ravaged body.
And I will make you whole.
Well. you know there's a White Lady special coming right up.
Thanks.
I'm gonna play a quick video on the ins and outs of the procedure.
And then we'll get started.
Do you wish you weren't so old and saggy?
Do you wish you were younger?
Sexier?
Fuckable again?
One single injection.
Unlocks your DNA.
Creating a new. better you.
This...
Is the stuff.
Doc. this isn't that When it Pouch Throw crap that makes you smell like a vag.
Is it?
I like it.
Oh!
Wow. that's a lot of stuff.
Ooh. a mask on a mask.
Safety first. thank God.
Oh!
Oh. no!
I'm not his second son!
I'm gonna love him and accept myself as I am!
Ah!
Fuck you.
Oops.
Wrong movie.
You were thinking it.
What are you saying?
White chicks to my ass.
Hey. Sarah.
Tuesday.
I tried to visit you.
I am sorry for everything.
Especially your name.
It was Taco Tuesday.
I was super drunk.
But I promise you I will kill this motherfucker.
It's fine.
I'm going to take you to the car.
Oh. I got you.
I'm taking Tues away from all of this.
I tried to run too.
But it follows.
Now you're probably expecting a flashback to that movie.
But it's too obscure.
Yeah. and a probably.
Do you have sex with someone. give them an STD. and then they haunt them in the form of their naked grandma?
It's like an STD biopic.
The killer is taunting me.
Why doesn't he just kill us?
Uh. speak for yourself.
Like. what are you waiting for?
Oh. no. no. no. sweetie.
Sweetie. it's like this.
What are you waiting for. huh?
I wish you weren't my mother.
What are you waiting for?
Wait. honey.
You sure about this?
Yeah.
Keep saying it.
So. what's up?
You got that Candyman?
I got weed gummies.
Candies.
Yeah.
Shroom Chops.
Awesome.
And what takes you so long to show up?
Come on. Clarence.
I called you five times. nigga.
Show up in three.
You ain't even call me on the phone.
Luckily. I was walking by and heard y'all through the hole in this wall.
Fix that shit.
You shut your ass up.
You need to go to a proctologist and get your skin looked at.
Having acne over the age of 40 is wild work.
I look better than this nigga.
Maybe on this side.
Hey. ain't no time for beating.
We about to be high as fuck.
We gon' party. son.
Watch your face. y'all.
Watch up with your face.
That's right.
Right there.
Hey.
I love it.
Come in there.
What's in this?
You send yourself a sex tip?
Ah.
Wait.
You seen Gai?
I-I-I can't find her since she went to that protest.
No.
Red. let me guess. you are Woody from Toy Story?
Nah. Brenda. that's a gag.
Jake Gyllenhaal from Brokeback Mountain.
I wish I knew how to quit you. but I can't.
You lied. Mommy!
Hey. Brenda.
Huh?
Have you seen my big old bag of candy?
It had chocolates. gummies. lollipops.
It's gone missing.
No. no. no.
It's not missing.
I passed it out to the trick-or-treaters.
Brenda. that's my stash.
Why is she looking at me?
I'm a little distraught of you.
I'm fearful of you.
It's all about picking holes in the wall.
Get a real talk. yeah.
Make that ass jump.
Uh-huh.
You better make that ass jump.
My niggas keep swinging on my slide.
Got to jam these ass out while I'm talking.
Hey. do you know how many baby seals die from microplastics?
Yeah. that's a cop's face.
Oh. my God.
He stabbed her.
Not her.
My pronouns are they. them.
He stabbed them.
I'm over 40.
How am I supposed to keep up with all of this?
She's not wrong.
It's Karen's like you that keep the patriarchy going with their knees on our necks.
Now they're playing the race card?
I've had enough of her shit.
That shit. bitch.
And to be clear. my real name is Karen.
Oh. shit.
This is too good.
Ignore the insults.
They don't realize we're here to help them.
Toxic masculinity and mansplaining doesn't help anybody.
I was born masculine and toxic.
I love women in sports.
Just not together.
Come here. bitch.
I got her.
Me next.
I ain't ready for this.
Check it out. girl.
Me next.
Move.
So wild.
Oh. my God.
I'm going mad as hell.
What's up. Nadia?
Can I ask you something?
Yeah. sure.
It's about. you know. how to go down on a girl.
It's about eating pussy?
Yes.
It's so cringe. but yeah.
So maybe if you start talking like a 14-year-old white girl. you could learn something.
All right.
So listen up.
First thing you got to do. you got to spread the man.
You got to open it up.
And you want to use your fingers.
Sometimes you can use two.
Two fingers like that there.
Yeah?
Now. once you get it all in there. now you got to use your tongue.
You can't be afraid of it.
Lean into it.
No. no. no.
You're doing it too fast.
Listen.
You got to be gentle.
You got to talk to her.
Hello. little guy.
How you doing?
Boom.
It's like boom in the blunt.
All you got to do. nephew. is hit that shit.
Got it?
Mm-hmm.
Right now.
If you want to learn to lick ass. that's your mama.
Oh. you feel so good.
Oh. oh. oh. yeah.
Well. I want to try something.
I thought you said you'd never let me peck you.
What?
No.
Relax.
I just want to taste you.
Okay.
Dinner time.
Oh. yeah.
Come here. baby.
Careful.
You might get gangster.
Oh. it is gangster.
Okay.
Stop.
You're so hot.
You want some more?
Yeah.
No. no. no. no.
You feel so much better.
Get back in there.
Yeah.
Lick it.
Lick it hard.
Finish her.
Oh. my God.
Just like rolling in blood.
It's me.
Oh. Jesus.
Oh.
Ow.
What the fuck?
Hey. there.
We're here to tell you about Halloween party.
You didn't know. did you?
We're going to drink. play bad music. do some half-gay shit. watch us half-gay.
Can I help you?
If you just invite us in.
Why do you need an invitation?
White folks show up to parties uninvited all the time with their little nasty-ass casseroles.
Glad as shit.
Y'all better stop using some loud.
And why she got them dirty-ass feet?
Look like you was walking around porn sets all day.
Got them trailer-block toes.
Jesus!
I think you're in the wrong place.
Y'all playing?
No.
We believe in music and equality.
How about we show y'all?
It's okay now.
We're moving on up.
To the east side.
To a deluxe apartment.
In the sky.
We're moving on up.
De-gentrified De-genesis.
Weezy's rolling around in her grave right now.
Can't do this to the Black National Anthem.
Boo!
Look at you suck!
Boo your ass!
Get your ass out of here!
Why don't y'all just go to one of those frat parties where they drink until they black out.
and wake up with their booties hurting.
Not knowing what someone in a cowboy hat did to their head.
What?
Okay.
Well. we will leave you guys alone.
But we're going to walk real slow just in case y'all change your minds.
Change your minds yet?
No!
Hell no!
How about now?
No!
Yes?
Hell no!
Please walk it!
Now get it!
Let's go. let's go.
Come on!
My folks are getting weary.
Guys. I think I saw an open window over here.
That window's closed.
Not for long.
Hello!
Boo!
Wicked.
Fucking idiots.
Hey!
Tuesday!
You came back!
Yeah. I just left my inhaler.
Honestly. Tuesday. I thought inhalers were the worst plot device in every history.
That's true.
Should have been a fake.
But we're here now. so let's make the most of it.
And wear them white clothes!
Sarah?
Hello.
Get your sister and get out of there right now.
Okay. hon?
I am a grown-ass woman.
Mother. I don't have to do anything you tell me to do.
That's the house where your psychopath killed those people.
Someone wanted to get him there.
Which means someone wants to get me there.
Oh my God. this isn't about you!
Why are you yelling?
Because you live so fucking far away!
Wait. hold on. are you tracking my phone?
Shh. you're breaking up.
Yeah. shh.
Happy birthday!
What the fuck?
No!
I'm sorry!
I thought I was supposed to smoke it!
Oh shit.
Seriously?
With the 12 years of slave shit?
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
I didn't see that movie. okay?
I just found this thing in the shed.
Jeez.
Come on. bro.
That's even worse.
I didn't mean it that way.
Some of my best victims are black.
And another brother falls victim to gun violence.
Turns out race is still an issue.
That's not fair.
You know black guys usually die first in horror movies.
Please give a whole new meaning to dead by daylight.
Goofy.
Goofy ass.
Oh!
Hello. shorty.
Woohoo!
Get him. get him!
Ha. ha. ha!
Got ya. Goofy ass!
You're about to be eyes.
Oh!
Why you running backwards. huh?
Oh no. it's not me.
Something's wrong.
Ben. your remote is upside down.
Game on. bitch.
Black lives matter.
Not you. shorty.
Oh my. I need you.
Whoa. what's going on?
Oh. Jack.
Oh. thank God you're here.
Where were you?
Gooseface was just here.
I was outside getting some fresh air.
Stop.
One of you is the killer.
No.
Why do you have blood on your hands?
I found Brad outside.
She's the killer!
I am not the killer.
I'm not even sex positive.
I'm a virgin.
No way.
You're being like every dude in Woodsville.
Fuck you.
The butt doesn't count.
Welcome to act three. bitches.
What?
What does that even mean?
It's when the shit goes down.
Oh.
I still don't really know what she means. but I think we should run!
Wait!
Linda!
I think it might've been a shooter.
It's a lie.
I've learned it on video games.
Not the liquor or lack of parental supervision.
You're gonna need this.
Do you have one bigger and black?
A rotten egg.
Hey. who are you?
John Wick?
I would've said ballerina. but nobody saw that shit.
Let's do this.
Oh. okay.
No!
Tell me!
I'm definitely not pregnant.
I can't believe it.
What do you think?
I think Drake lost to Kendrick.
I still like Drake.
But what was up with that love shoot?
That's such a bitch ass move.
About this situation.
Oh. that's definitely a trap.
She don't know where we are depending on that.
Look out!
I'm not gonna make it!
I doubt it.
Oh. God. Cindy!
Oh. my bitch!
I'm not dead yet!
Oh. my bad.
I'm sorry.
Now you go back in there.
Finish it.
For me. Cindy.
I would do anything for you. Brenda.
She bought it!
That don't catch up trick.
It don't fail.
That bitch is crazy.
She thought I was taking my black ass back in there.
I'm gonna kill you!
Attention all children!
You have five seconds to show yourselves!
Tweet. bitch!
You shot my favorite ball!
Go back to your old damn plan!
Don't!
Hello. Cindy.
Hello.
Looks like you forgot the first rule of surviving a horror movie.
Never answer that door.
I thought the first rule was never to trust the level trust.
Oh. really?
Well. I'm changing rules.
How about that?
New rule.
Go fuck yourself.
Wait. wait.
Why do you hate closets so much?
I told you to come out.
Yeah. well. I didn't want to get shot.
Ironic. isn't it?
You missed me.
Oh. God. it moves me.
It's in trouble.
You think you're John Wick?
I'm like a future dog.
What are you doing?
Mr. Todd. it's just a metaphor.
It was about losing his wife.
Are you sure it's not an allegory?
Let us begin.
Come on.
Oh. that stunt girl is good.
Eat a dick.
Shoot him. Sarah.
End this.
Don't tell me what to do.
This isn't the best time to resolve our mommy-daughter issues. but. Sarah. I am so sorry.
I have been a terrible mother.
I don't even know your sister Wednesday.
Tuesday.
Have to clarify that for legal reasons.
But I prepared you for this.
So go on. baby.
You kill him.
Sarah!
Jack!
Thank God you're okay. because I really wanted to be the one to kill you!
I won't take it. baby.
Oh. oh!
Bee. I told you it was about me.
No. Sarah.
You were just a bait.
It's about her.
Fuck!
Oh. sorry. honey.
I hate being right.
You should have listened to Doofy.
A bit twist.
It just seems too obvious. you know?
Which makes you think it is not obvious.
Same page. honey.
Yeah. well. that's the twist!
Now get in the kitchen.
Go!
What the hell are you doing?
Okay. listen up!
See. there hasn't been a great horror movie since the first one.
We're going to save the franchise.
Go get our special guest star.
Hollywood is out of ideas.
Why else would there be a scary movie. Six?
But it wouldn't work with just the new characters. would it?
We need the legacy characters.
Oh. and there wouldn't be a Cindy without her sassy. black sidekick. Brenda.
You ain't have to say black with no heart beat like that.
Brenda. didn't you get shot?
Dara?
Oh. wait. that's it!
Oh. look!
Mom. what are you doing?
Stop dancing!
Oh. my God!
Everybody stop dancing!
Oh!
Mom!
No!
You called me Mom.
You care about me.
I want to go that far. but I'm in.
Sure.
Go get Tuesday.
Okay. ladies.
Time to stage the party.
Let's go. let's go. let's go!
Oh!
What?
Who are you people?
We're the motherfuckers who are taking over this franchise.
Oh. yeah?
Okay.
Oh. my God.
That was not part of the plan.
Neither was this.
Oh!
Wait. bring out one of those.
Hot damn!
Anthony Anderson?
Yeah. and I brought my boy Kevin Hart with me.
What?
Shot?
That's right.
On my knees on the same night as Kevin. and Kevin said no.
Kevin Hart said no?
That little motherfucker says yes to everything.
Yeah. he does.
But wait.
There's more.
Ta-da!
Bitches!
Ray!
Shorty!
Yeah. that's right.
For Black Kill Year.
We're making history.
It's a new definition of black excellence.
But why would you do this?
Question.
It is.
Why would you try to make a sequel without us. huh?
Yeah. when the studio wanted to replace these brothers. I was there.
That's facts.
What about me?
What about you?
You were in one scene in part four.
Yes. but I made that motherfucker Dr. Phil cut his foot off.
And he crazy now.
Yeah. he got winded.
But you see what they trying to do?
They trying to pit us all up against each other.
They trying to start black on very black crime.
That's right.
Yo. Shot.
Hey. I'm proud of you. bro.
You've had an amazing career as a sports commentator since retiring from basketball.
And I love the big podcast.
I love that shit.
Even though I don't understand a word you be saying.
You be on that show talking about...
All right. all right. Benjamin.
All right. all right.
Thanks. Benjamin.
Kobe.
Enough.
But my point is. nigga. I love your shit.
But I never got over Kazam.
Get out of here. Ray.
Get your big ass over here.
Why did you leave the veggies?
You and Kobe. who the heck?
Nice.
That motherfucker treated me.
Shaquille.
How big is your butt?
22.
Then how big is your dick?
Whoa. whoa. whoa. Ray.
Boss.
What the fuck you talking about?
I'm doing it for the culture.
What culture?
Culture club.
Uh-oh.
Come on. Ray.
We killing people.
Stay focused.
All right. all right. all right.
We back.
Hey. don't you worry.
We family.
Mad respect. man.
Black is nominated for eight Emmys.
My nigga.
Actually. the show was only nominated for five.
I was nominated for eight.
Wow.
Way to go.
He's the best.
He is.
Oh. the nomination.
Yeah.
But you never were.
What?
Shit.
Oh. no.
No face match to me. motherfucker.
This shit is for doing.
Scary movies paying for.
I literally fired the family.
Is this a copy of our good times episode on Slackish?
But you guys were on the WB.
Nobody saw that shit.
Oh.
No. no. no.
And you.
Y'all went and did scary movie three and four without us.
I'm sorry.
They often be sucking the leaves. they don't itch.
What about you?
Well. I had a chance to work with the incomparable Charlie Sheen.
That's good.
He's a legend in his dick games.
Crazy.
You know. he slept with 47.000 women and 1.000 of them women were dudes.
Lucky guy.
Wait.
So y'all gonna kill us now?
Nah.
What would Halloween be without Jamie Lee Curtis?
Or Scream be without Nev Kim?
That would be Scream 6.
How did you guys pull all of this off?
Sandy.
You know how many wages there are?
Nigga. billions.
Billions.
I'm just so happy that the old gang is back together.
Okay. in the middle. on three.
Corp 4.
Nah. nah.
Beat that.
That's corny.
That's wack.
What about the young and the restless?
Yeah. or the old and then the beautiful.
Or the cute and the crusty.
Yeah. or the sexy and then the seedy.
We were brought in to take over the franchise.
That's right.
And you've been here like 70 years.
Whoa.
I should drag that one for myself.
Oh. my back hurts.
Guys. guys.
They're already dead.
Nah.
Little fuckers always come back.
Oh. no.
Not this time.
Exactly.
Come on. let's go.
Let's go.
We're not even ready.
Next one.
Next generation.
My ass.
Whoa. bitch.
Whoa.
Wait. wait. wait. wait.
Can we shoot that?
I mean. those are our kids.
Fuck those kids.
This is our franchise.
Yeah. besides. did you know all these dramatic walkaways to find that was?
Damn. son.
Oh. no.
I kind of like you.
You do. right?
We should play fire.
You want to dress up like a bad bitch?
No. I want you to dress up like a bad bitch.
Y'all do the drag.